Ruler docs + single binary inclusion (#2637)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

    [request_timeout: <duration> | default = 30s]

    # Number of retries for a request which times out.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.azure.max-retries
    [max_retries: <int> | default = 5]

    # Minimum time to wait before retrying a request.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.azure.min-retry-delay
    [min_retry_delay: <duration> | default = 10ms]

    # Maximum time to wait before retrying a request.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.azure.max-retry-delay
    [max_retry_delay: <duration> | default = 500ms]

  gcs:
    # Name of GCS bucket to put chunks in.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.gcs.bucketname
    [bucket_name: <string> | default = ""]

    # The size of the buffer that GCS client for each PUT request. 0 to disable
    # buffering.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.gcs.chunk-buffer-size
    [chunk_buffer_size: <int> | default = 0]

    # The duration after which the requests to GCS should be timed out.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.gcs.request-timeout
    [request_timeout: <duration> | default = 0s]

  s3:
    # S3 endpoint URL with escaped Key and Secret encoded. If only region is
    # specified as a host, proper endpoint will be deduced. Use

>     # inmemory:///<bucket-name> to use a mock in-memory implementation.

Author: It is not.

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.url
    [s3: <url> | default = ]

    # Set this to `true` to force the request to use path-style addressing.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.force-path-style
    [s3forcepathstyle: <boolean> | default = false]

    # Comma separated list of bucket names to evenly distribute chunks over.
    # Overrides any buckets specified in s3.url flag
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.buckets
    [bucketnames: <string> | default = ""]

    # S3 Endpoint to connect to.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.endpoint
    [endpoint: <string> | default = ""]

    # AWS region to use.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.region
    [region: <string> | default = ""]

    # AWS Access Key ID
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.access-key-id
    [access_key_id: <string> | default = ""]

    # AWS Secret Access Key
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.secret-access-key
    [secret_access_key: <string> | default = ""]

    # Disable https on s3 connection.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.insecure
    [insecure: <boolean> | default = false]

>     # Enable AES256 AWS Server Side Encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Enable AES256 AWS server-side encryption
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.sse-encryption
    [sse_encryption: <boolean> | default = false]

    http_config:
      # The maximum amount of time an idle connection will be held open.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.http.idle-conn-timeout
      [idle_conn_timeout: <duration> | default = 1m30s]

      # If non-zero, specifies the amount of time to wait for a server's
      # response headers after fully writing the request.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.http.response-header-timeout
      [response_header_timeout: <duration> | default = 0s]

      # Set to false to skip verifying the certificate chain and hostname.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.s3.http.insecure-skip-verify
      [insecure_skip_verify: <boolean> | default = false]

  swift:
    # Openstack authentication URL.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.auth-url
    [auth_url: <string> | default = ""]

    # Openstack username for the api.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.username
    [username: <string> | default = ""]

    # Openstack user's domain name.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.user-domain-name
    [user_domain_name: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Openstack user's domain id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Openstack user's domain ID.
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.user-domain-id
    [user_domain_id: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Openstack userid for the api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Openstack user ID for the API.
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.user-id
    [user_id: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Openstack api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Openstack API key.
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.password
    [password: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Openstack user's domain id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Openstack user's domain ID.
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.domain-id
    [domain_id: <string> | default = ""]

    # Openstack user's domain name.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.domain-name
    [domain_name: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Openstack project id (v2,v3 auth only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Openstack project ID (v2,v3 auth only).
```

    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.project-id
    [project_id: <string> | default = ""]

    # Openstack project name (v2,v3 auth only).
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.project-name
    [project_name: <string> | default = ""]

>     # Id of the project's domain (v3 auth only), only needed if it differs the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # ID of the project's domain (v3 auth only), only needed if it differs the
```

    # from user domain.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.project-domain-id
    [project_domain_id: <string> | default = ""]

    # Name of the project's domain (v3 auth only), only needed if it differs
    # from the user domain.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.project-domain-name
    [project_domain_name: <string> | default = ""]

    # Openstack Region to use eg LON, ORD - default is use first region (v2,v3
    # auth only)
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.region-name
    [region_name: <string> | default = ""]

    # Name of the Swift container to put chunks in.
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.swift.container-name
    [container_name: <string> | default = "cortex"]

  local:
    # Directory to scan for rules
    # CLI flag: -ruler.storage.local.directory
    [directory: <string> | default = ""]

> # file path to store temporary rule files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# File path to store temporary rule files
```

# CLI flag: -ruler.rule-path
[rule_path: <string> | default = "/rules"]

> # Comma-separated list of URL(s) of the Alertmanager(s) to send notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Comma-separated list of Alertmanager URLs to send notifications to.
```

> # to. Each Alertmanager URL is treated as a separate group in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Each Alertmanager URL is treated as a separate group in the configuration.
```

# Multiple Alertmanagers in HA per group can be supported by using DNS
# resolution via -ruler.alertmanager-discovery.
# CLI flag: -ruler.alertmanager-url
[alertmanager_url: <string> | default = ""]

# Use DNS SRV records to discover Alertmanager hosts.
# CLI flag: -ruler.alertmanager-discovery
[enable_alertmanager_discovery: <boolean> | default = false]

# How long to wait between refreshing DNS resolutions of Alertmanager hosts.
# CLI flag: -ruler.alertmanager-refresh-interval
[alertmanager_refresh_interval: <duration> | default = 1m]

> # If enabled requests to Alertmanager will utilize the V2 API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If enabled, then requests to Alertmanager use the v2 API.
```

# CLI flag: -ruler.alertmanager-use-v2
[enable_alertmanager_v2: <boolean> | default = false]

# Capacity of the queue for notifications to be sent to the Alertmanager.
# CLI flag: -ruler.notification-queue-capacity
[notification_queue_capacity: <int> | default = 10000]

# HTTP timeout duration when sending notifications to the Alertmanager.
# CLI flag: -ruler.notification-timeout
[notification_timeout: <duration> | default = 10s]

# Max time to tolerate outage for restoring "for" state of alert.
# CLI flag: -ruler.for-outage-tolerance
[for_outage_tolerance: <duration> | default = 1h]

# Minimum duration between alert and restored "for" state. This is maintained

> # only for alerts with configured "for" time greater than grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# only for alerts with configured "for" time greater than the grace period.
```

# CLI flag: -ruler.for-grace-period
[for_grace_period: <duration> | default = 10m]

# Minimum amount of time to wait before resending an alert to Alertmanager.
# CLI flag: -ruler.resend-delay
[resend_delay: <duration> | default = 1m]

> # Distribute rule evaluation using ring backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Distribute rule evaluation using ring backend.
```

    [etcd: <etcd_config>]

    multi:
      # Primary backend storage used by multi-client.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.multi.primary
      [primary: <string> | default = ""]

      # Secondary backend storage used by multi-client.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.multi.secondary
      [secondary: <string> | default = ""]

      # Mirror writes to secondary store.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.multi.mirror-enabled
      [mirror_enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

      # Timeout for storing value to secondary store.
      # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.multi.mirror-timeout
      [mirror_timeout: <duration> | default = 2s]

  # Period at which to heartbeat to the ring.
  # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.heartbeat-period
  [heartbeat_period: <duration> | default = 5s]

  # The heartbeat timeout after which rulers are considered unhealthy within the
  # ring.
  # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.heartbeat-timeout
  [heartbeat_timeout: <duration> | default = 1m]

  # Number of tokens for each ingester.
  # CLI flag: -ruler.ring.num-tokens
  [num_tokens: <int> | default = 128]

# Period with which to attempt to flush rule groups.
# CLI flag: -ruler.flush-period
[flush_period: <duration> | default = 1m]

> # Enable the ruler api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enable the Ruler API.
```

Reviewer: Why is this last? Don't a bunch of the previous options require the Ruler API to be enabled?

Author: A bit of background: these are copied from the cortex docs because the underlying code/configuration options are copied as well. In cortex these are also autogenerated (something we intend to adopt, but haven't due to time constraints). This is simply the order it's generated in.

# CLI flag: -experimental.ruler.enable-api
[enable_api: <boolean> | default = false]
```

> ## `frontend_worker_config`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## frontend_worker_config
```
